fix(readme): description with createWithEqualityFn (#1985)
pmndrs/zustand: readme.md

If you want to construct a single object with multiple state-picks inside, similar to redux's mapStateToProps, you can tell zustand that you want the object to be diffed shallowly by passing the `shallow` equality function.

> To use a custom equality function, you need `createWithEqualityFn` from `zustand/traditional`. It takes the second argument for the default equality function.

Reviewer: I feel it's a bit confusing — "to use a custom equality function" and then "for the default equality function."

Is the default eq fn a default for that store, but you can still override it later? If so, I suggest:

```suggestion
To use a custom equality function that will become a new default for the store, you need `createWithEqualityFn` from `zustand/traditional`.
Pass an equality function as a second argument.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. Let me clarify and maybe you have some other suggestions.
- `create` (in v5) doesn't allow changing equality function. (It's always `Object.is` equivalent.)
- To use custom equality function, `createWithEqualityFn` is necessary.
  - The signature is `const useMyStore = createEqualityFn(..., defaultEqualityFn)`.
  - `useMyStore(selector, equalityFn)` can override the default equality function.
  - If you specify `Object.is` for the second argument of createEqualityFn, it behave the same as `create` < v4.4.0.

Reviewer: Alright, so my proposal:

```suggestion
To use a custom equality function that will become a new default for the store, you need `createWithEqualityFn` from `zustand/traditional`.
Pass a desired equality function as a second argument, like so:
```

Author: What I was concerning is the backward compatibility with previous version. But, I think it's not super important.

Author: > for the store

It's not for the store (which is still Objet.is), but it's for the hook.

Author: "To use a custom equality function, you need `createWithEqualityFn` instead of `create`. Usually, specify `Object.is` at the second argument for the default equality function, but it's configurable." How about that?

Reviewer: "To use a custom equality function, you need `createWithEqualityFn` instead of `create`. Usually you want to specify `Object.is` as the second argument for the default equality function, but it's configurable."

Author: Thanks. I'll update it later.

```jsx
import { createWithEqualityFn } from 'zustand/traditional'
import { shallow } from 'zustand/shallow'

// Use createWithEqualityFn instead of create
const useBearStore = createWithEqualityFn(
  (set) => ({
    bears: 0,
    increasePopulation: () => set((state) => ({ bears: state.bears + 1 })),
    removeAllBears: () => set({ bears: 0 }),
  }),

>   Object.is // Specify the default equality function, which can be shallow

Reviewer: If the eq fn is shallow, what is the effect of using 'zustand/shallow'? Isn't the eq fn always shallow then, regardless of it?

Author: If you do this:
```js
import { createWithEqualityFn } from 'zustand/traditional'
import { shallow } from 'zustand/shallow'

const useMyStore = createWithEqualityFn(..., shallow)
```
You don't need to specify shallow for useMyStore:
```js
  useMyStore(...)
  // that 👆 is the same as this 👇 
  useMyStore(..., shallow)
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  customEqualityFunction // This will become the default equality function, unless you pass another one to `useBearStore` hook.
```

And then I'd add a `customEqualityFunction`.
